Okay, so then we call then we run on the website, take a look at what we're doing at release mandate, take a look at what we're doing with the application, so the agent behavior policies, and then then process this and start creating these pages for the Owasp transition.

Okay, so as you can see by the attached brief of um, that was created by perplexity, we, and me and Nime, just made the exact decision to um, propose to OWASP or to move to OWASP our agent behavior policies. Mm. And, you know, in a way it's a simple move because everything is already published and they have Creative Commons, right? You know, the code is freely available. But I think this is going to help a lot the project and it's also, I think, it's a great OWASP project from a community point of view. I think you can add a lot of value. So what we need to do is we need to create a new section on the um, on the risk mandate website, even top level menu, called OWASP. And inside of it, we're going to have to capture all the materials, all the moves, all the information, all the um, the content, and all the material, and in fact, all the forms and all the status and where everything is and what we submitted and what has been proposed and what's the status and where are the repos and how everything flows because um, ultimately we um, and then do our research so we basically can accelerate and be um, as good of the OWASP project as we can be right and also integrating with other OWASP projects and also do our research on a lot of the work we've already done in terms of vaults and mappings so we can start to integrate uh, how everything works together and we can start to um, really operationalize um, these flows and um, and basically um, the idea is to um, actually um, again understand what is the best way to describe it what's the best way to create it but also what is the best way to integrate with other OWASP projects because I think the coolest thing here is that there's a lot of OWASP projects that are already they can integrate with the with the policy they can integrate with what we do they we can add value to their projects we can integrate you know their ideas concepts flows and also they you know when we talk about controls they are a good example of a control that we can implement and a control that we can kind of um, work with, and especially because we already created a lot of SGit vaults around OWASP projects, so we can just basically continue. And in fact, if you look at the SGit website, there's already a bunch of stuff in there that we need to move. So the logic is we're going to call it OWASP application behavior policies, and, and then we need to define the project mission and objective, and also it'd be good to do a research on some of the most popular projects that exist in OWASP. and then see what we can learn from them, see how they present materials so that we can basically do this and then have the forms that need to be submitted. Uh, both me and Nime are already project leaders, so, so OWASP lead members, so we can just submit it. And then, um, and then we just need to map all the pages and all the information and then go through the approval process, right? So let's just uh, map it out. We also, define who we need to talk to, who are the OWASP project coordinators, who are the people that we need to be emailing it, and then we can track it in terms of the flows. So basically it's like let's map a whole project implementation so that in a couple of weeks we now have a new OWASP project that we're leading and also we need to map the relationships with Risk Mandate, which fundamentally is Risk Mandate is the sponsor of this project. And yes, we are commercializing some elements of this, but like anybody else could commercialize. In fact, we're proposing models for commercialization which others can follow right so um uh, but again we see very good to to define that but also start to defining where the information lives and and who's managing what and where again the line between risk mandate and OWASP is important to to basically clarify which of course that in this situation um a lot of this stuff is also related to um to the um, a lot of this stuff is related to the fact that this is already open source which makes it a lot more easier to uh, implement and just to clear like, this should go on the public website the public Git repo I
