Okay, so as you can see, those cartoons or those characters are quite interesting, right? And the thing I would like us to focus now is ignoring the merch for now, because I think that was actually a starting by the end where we need to actually go slower. But it's not just that, it's the fact that what we can do is something that I've wanted to do for a while, which is this idea of stories. So, and eventually I'll move this to a particular website called stories.sgit.ai. But for now, also because these are RiskMandate specific, let's create an area on our site to capture stories and basically to capture this entire workflow, which is sort of this idea of creating a kind of a storyline to communicate what we want to do. And even if you think about it, some of the articles that we have written, there's a couple of stories there. There's a couple of stories that we can tell that will make the user understand much better. And I think if we start to have this cast of characters, we can make it much better, right? And I really like the idea that we can now create storyboards in a way to even explore like the movie industry does, right? Like you create a storyboard that has the narrative, has the ideas, has the characters, has what we're trying to say, and then we can actually use the multiple image models that we have access to, and not just ChatGPT, right? There's a bunch of them that we could be using, including Midjourney, and I think even Eleven Labs has something like that. So then we can connect to those and see what they can do, right? But it's like everything. We first have to get the story. We have to get the narrative. We have to get the punchline. And even some of these, you could even design them, right? You know, even with infographics, right? Because I know you don't have any images model but you know you could actually come up with a lot of these narratives yourself so I think the first thing to do is to start putting these examples on the site, start creating some narratives, pick maybe a couple of examples for us to work on and then let's start telling the story because I think that's what we want to do right it's all about storytelling.

[With the memo, three images made by a ChatGPT image model from the lead's prompts: a cast sheet, Meet the cast, and two four-panel strips, Just a draft and Just a little research. They are on the site under assets/stories/.]
